feat: adapt and extend single tenant deletion (#544)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.tenant.md

the meshCustomer it belongs to.

Any update to tenant metadata (e.g. a change in payment method) triggers a new meshTenant reconciliation cycle.

## Delete a meshTenant

> > Only users or users of [group](meshcloud.customer.md#user-groups) with the role [Customer Admin](meshcloud.customer.md#assign-meshcustomer-roles) have access to the administrative functionality described in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only users with the role [Customer Admin](meshcloud.customer.md#assign-meshcustomer-roles) or [Customer Owner](meshcloud.customer.md#assign-meshcustomer-roles) have access to the administrative functionality described in this section.
```

Reviewer: I know groups would also work but I'd just keep it simple by mentioning 'users'.
